here are this week's top movies the
animals windows has begun we gave in
Coco and aspiring musician journeys with
a charming trickster to unlock the true
story behind his family's history
the new British Prime Minister must
decide how to lead his people when Nazi
forces approach in darkest hour do you
stop interrupting me while I am
interrupting you how do you think a
world come alive I can almost see and
hear them people Charles Dickens creates
a timeless tale that redefined a holiday
in the man who invented Christmas see
what's hot in theatres with this week's
fan tissa patient so what's your weekend
ticket going to be let us know by
commenting see you next time on weekend
ticket
[Music]